No wonder Anna has alpha blood. She was adopted by all I can keep. She is my sister. Everything makes sense.
Anna!
Alpha Cassius, what are you doing?
This necklace. Look, I have the same one.
What does this mean?
Anna, only loads of the direct descendants of the silver moon tribe have this necklace.
That means you're my long-lost sister.
Oh my god, if you can win over Cassius, I'll surely become the queen.
Cassius is Alan's right hand man.
Get it?
Brother, I didn't know I had a brother. Come in.
I can't believe it. I found you. I have a sister.
Happy.
By the way, brother, you mentioned that he's managed to wanted to tell me something.
What is it?
A sister. His Majesty would prefer it if you would stop exploring the powers.
I didn't expect his Majesty to dislike me that much. I just wanted to do something for him.
Sister, you really like his Majesty, right?
Yes, brother. I can't stop thinking about him now.
I want to be his queen. Can you help me, brother?
Sister, you are my only sister. I will do anything for you. You name it.
Okay, but I'm in an awkward situation right now.
Please, brother, don't tell anyone about us yet.
Of course not. You rest. In a few days, I have a presentation to the Elders Council,
and then I will reveal your identification to everybody.
Can you wait until then?
Goodbye.
I mustn't let that wench find out that her brother is now mine.